00:00:01 Piazztry is 15, has to get one in as well, is on a better lap, but so is everyone out there. So no, there's having a real tough time of it though. Science finds himself in third, lock up for Bermann, won't make the corner, stroll goes fast as Piazztry gets his lap in when he needed it to the barrier. For Oliver Bermann, scape-ting deep into the run off, the yellow flag is out, for Stappen goes to second place, Antonelli is now in the drop zone. 30 seconds to go, Alex Albin slowing the car down into the corner that we were talking about, where the yellow flag is out, you can see it there. Now it's been withdrawn. Colour Pinto goes to fifth, Albin now in the drop zone, need to lap and he tags the wall! The mistake free run ends for the Formula One field. Albin in the drop zone, tried to snake his way through, got greedy on the throttle and he breaks the front of the car. Hamilton's just behind him on the circuit and has to find an improvement. I think that was him flashing through there, 19 goes to 18. Can't find it, Lewis Hamilton can't find it, bought the leto gets back. Albin hitting the barrier and out of qualifying. Then it's Antonelli, bought a leto, Lewis Hamilton second here last year, and Yuki Senoda checkered flag is out. Russell goes fastest, Alonso had done so, stroll and Alonso, both of them picking to run on the wet. Antonelli 17th, has to improve, isn't on a great lap here. So Antonelli who's been flying this weekend is in big danger. He is on two personal bests, Max is stopping with continuing with him as he comes across the line for stopping goes up to second position. Antonelli pits. It is Albin, Antonelli bought a leto, Senoda and Lewis Hamilton, second last year, loads of pace around this circuit in the wet conditions is 20th and last.
00:01:52 Here is the man from Melbourne, Oscar Piazdry across the line, Oscar Piazdry is going to be in now for a pressure lap. Lando Norris trying to avoid that and he goes top, Piazdry now having to deliver at the end of Q2. He's got time for another lap, he's got fuel for another lap. You'd have thought if they've got the calculation. Oh my word, Franco Colapinto at the corner where he dropped it into the wall last year. Crucially keeps it out of the barrier in this session stays green. Now all of a bearman brilliant form recently, two Q3. Piazdry trying to find the improvement in the middle sector this time he's got it. Bearman across the line, bearman out in the second part of qualifying. It's behind Esteban Ocon on board with Holcombberg who's skating through the final corners. What a performance they are putting on for us on the streets of Las Vegas. Piazdry is making his way through. Left hand side of your screen, drive a currently in ninth position. Gasly's in 11th, Colapinto is in 15th. Three drivers out already. Our stroll, Ocon and Bearman. Yellow flag is out on track. Oscar Piazdry continues on and remains in ninth position. George Russell's finding time out there to go fastest once again. One Williams in the barrier earlier on. The other one now P2. Second place, Ryza Kajar extracting the best from that racing ball's entry. And now Gasly, how brave does the Frenchman feel? Into turn 14 rotates the Alpair. Little correction now. Once again, early on the throttle, dancing it between the walls as he tries to take it up through the gears and he dreams of taking the car into the top 10 shoots out. Gasly versus Holk and Berg. Gasly gets there with a seventh fastest time. Piazdry made it through in 10th position. Gasly back to back races in the top 10 shoots out. George Russell fastest and Holk and Berg stroll. Ocon, Bearman and Colapinto, the five to four.
00:03:59 Piazdry is improving on his benchmark, but Norris has put together a flying lap when it matters most. Remember, any trip into the barriers now and it would be pole position for Lando Norris, he hits the front of the field two minutes to go. So he's well positioned in terms of the time to be last car on the on the circuit. It'll be about 30 seconds. Piazdry might be the last car on track. Let's see if he's going to cross the line here with one minute 50 still in hand. That don't mean he gets two more flying laps and I think he will do that fairly nicely. So Piazdry with a great bit of track position if he can now complete a flying lap, he's backing off. Switching from the wet to the inter appears to have taken the ultimate pace away from the Mercedes man who is round the final corner and he improves to seventh position. Signs is on a better lap as well. Max was stepping, leaving nothing out there as he made his way through. Yeah, there is just a whole bunch of greens and then Russell has gone purple in that first sector. So it's all going to be the final lap. For stepping is on his final lap right now, will Piazdry get across the line? It's going to be nippin' tuck. I think he will by two seconds in the end, so Piazdry is going to sneak through for one more lap and it's a McLaren shootout. Can anyone get ahead of them for the moment? Checkered flag is out Liam Lawson P3. Max is stepping in for signs in fifth. Signs to the front of the field. Williams haven't had a pole position since 2014. Carlos signed held it for all of a few seconds. The world champion strikes back and takes provisional pole by three hundredths of a second. Russell going very quickly and with a handy slipstream of Piazdry ahead. Norris has the fastest first sector but he's got two cars ahead of him provisionally. Norris is four tenths up on Piazdry who's actually on a similar first sector to the two ahead for stepping in signs. Norris is knocking this out of the park with this lap so far. Norris trying to save his best until last. Russell squirming all over the road, trying to improve. George Russell currently in ninth position coming across the line in P4. Landon Norris, crucial breaking zone ahead of the championship leader. Speed disappears, clip the apex, then we'll bounce over the curb. Waiting, waiting, waiting and nearly dropping it into the wall but getting away with it. Did he have enough time to play with? His old teammate and he's rival for the title ahead. Landon Norris across the line and he's done it again. Another pole position when it matters for Landon Norris who's at the front receiving the team applause and it's a 147.9. Three tenths of a second ahead of a step that has taken Norris back to the front of the field. Oscar Piazdry in fifth place on our timing page. Yeah and he's not on a lap now. He's backed off it or made a mistake in the middle sector so Piazdry had the perfect track position but made a mistake at the end and he's only fifth. This was Shaola Clare. He will start ninth for Ferrari and that's the reason for the yellow and that is a fight over track position between Oscar Piazdry and one of the racing balls. Landon Norris will start his 150th Formula 1 Grand Prix from the front and he is on a hot streak at a crucial moment for his Formula 1 career.
